Docs: Add Pages For SPy Builtins and `__spy__` module (#512)
spylang/spy: docs/src/api_reference/spy_builtins.md

title: SPy Builtins

<style> {
  font-family: "Lucida Console", "Courier New", monospace;
}
</style>

SPy adds several new builtins to the global namespace. Currently, all of them happen to be decorators for classes or callables.

/// warning
The contents of the `__spy__` module and SPy's builtins form the API surface of a language that's rapidly evolving. All of the constructs, names, functions, or decorators here are likely to change!
///

/// important
For a deeper explanation of the current state of SPy's coloring nomenclature, see [this post by Antonio Cuni](https://antocuni.eu/2026/03/25/inside-spy-part-2-language-semantics/#blue-functions).
///

## Class and Callable Decorators

### __@struct__

:   Used to create a struct from a class definition. See the [low level memory section on structs](../llmem.md#stack-allocated-structs) for more details.

### __@blue__
:   Declares that a function should be executed at [redshift time](https://antocuni.eu/2025/10/29/inside-spy-part-1-motivations-and-goals/#redshifting); that is, at the point when method and function lookups are resolved, and prior to compilation to C or WASM, if any.

> :   `@blue` decorated functions are not required to specify types for their parameters, nor are they required to specify return types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   type annotations for `@blue` functions are optional. If omitted, the arguments and return types default to `dynamic`.
```

: In this example, the two blue functions are evaluated during redshift time, and the emitted C code is just a print statement of a constant number.

```py
@blue
def factorial(x)
    if x == 0: return 1
    if x == 1: return 1
    return x * factorial(x-1)

@blue
def calc_e(terms):
    sum: float = 0
    for i in range(terms):
        sum += 1/factorial(i)
    return sum

def main() -> None:
    print(calc_e(10))
```

### __@blue.generic__

> :   Denotes that the decorated function accepts a type as its first argument. Generic functions should return a function object.

Reviewer: This is wrong, they accept arbitrary arguments.
The only difference between `@blue` and `@blue.generic` is that the latter is called via `[]` instead of `()`.

> :   Generic functions are called using the spy-specific syntax `func[type](args)`.

Reviewer: this is also semi wrong. Potentially a `@blue.generic` function might return something which is not a function, in that case you cannot call like that.

At the same time, the use case that you are document *is* the most important use case for blue.generic functions, so it's still worth mentioning.
